The Joe Rogan experience.
I have been hearing some America's stereotypes, my Scottish friend,
and some Ecuadorian friends. And they're like, they make me go like, oh no.
So like, we can't see it. We're in the forest, you know?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you can't see the trees. Number one. Yes.
Americans like to wear free bank. T-shirts free bank.
T-shirts that's stuff. MB N a you'll see, no other country.
Will you promote a bank? Just because they gave you a free shirt,
start looking around. You'll see it. Here's another one.
Americans love to comment on the beauty of a sunset while you're watching it.
<laugh> nobody else does that. Everyone's watching it, man. It's beautiful.
And then they go, yeah, we know dude, a can shut up and enjoy it.
Hmm.
Here's the last one Americans rush to assist in a situation that they have no
experience with. They'll see a bird hurt on the beach and like, get it in a box.
We have to take it. It's like, do you know anything about this? Like.
Sort of how Burt moved Tom's arm when he broke it?
Yeah, absolutely. He he's touched it. Did he? Really? He was like,
let me move it. Yeah.
Picked it up and put it over there. Probably it up for life. Oh.
Told jelly legs. Jelly, legs, squirrel, dude. It didn't even make sense.
He just came down. He don't even like it. Wasn't like you see NBA players.
They come down. Yeah. Like, like it's con of McGregor stepped wrong.
You see snap?
No, that's not what happened.
What ever Saura starts to jump. And then it was like,
he's cursed by a witch. And he just goes and he just went jealous.
<laugh> there was no impact.
No, he blew out his Batel tendon. He blew out everything. Everything.
Like.
Yeah. His arm, like what is that?
His arm broke when he landed on his arm and the legs.
Everything broke. Yeah.
Well, what happened was apparently he thinks he it up the day before,
because he was jumping in his office.
They were trying to touch the ceiling in the office, like, like this ceiling.
Yeah. Trying to touch the ceiling. And he felt something weird in his knee,
but he didn't think too much of it.
And then the next day they were playing basketball,
they were doing this dunk contest and he dunked a couple of times and then on a
lower RI and then one time he really loaded up and his Patel tended just blew
out. So on the leap up, his legs just blew it apart. It gave way blew apart.
Wow. Yeah. His knee just went like that hot. It's.
So crazy looking. Yeah. It's he doesn't yeah. It's always on the comedown.
He went on the way up. I heard a doctor say <laugh>.
Is that him? Oh my God. That's hilarious. <laugh>.
That's great. Of course. He's making merch on it.
I got nobody cashes it more than time. That's hilarious. Ugh. He, um, he, uh,
I heard a doctor once a long time ago,
say in your forties is when have you do explosive movements and you don't have
explosive strength and that's where you get in trouble. Interesting.
Still trying to make ski jumps and you should have stopped at 31. Right. But at,
at 60, you're not trying to make those jumps anymore. That makes sense. Yeah.
Or you just keep lifting weights and don't be a. Yeah. You're an outlier. Yeah.
Yeah. Just gotta know what your body's capable of doing.
And the only way you know, is to make you do a lot of.
So you know what it could do all the time. Most people just stop.
That's what happens completely. Yeah. It's the grind. It's all about the grind.
Like most people like they get to a point that I don't wanna lift anymore
weights. I'm just gonna get on this elliptical machine.
Listen to a book on just go bust or Douglas. Yeah.
Just be like fat up and just fatten up. Lay back. That happens.
A lot of fighters. Ricky Hatton got huge. Really? Oh my God.
He got huge NFL players. He might have lost weight now, but he got real big.
A lot of guys get real big when they just,
they just don't want you do anything anymore. I get it. They don't want be in.
Yeah, I get it. Yeah. And you, you form a habit of that.
Then you just stay in it. Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.